Gotham City is known as the business, media and culinary capital of the world. These popular boutique hotels put you in the center of Brooklyn delicious diverse cuisine, trendy bars, a thriving art scene. 

 

          

 

     

 

        

 

        

NU Hotel  -  Boerum Hill

 

 

               A modern amenity-driven hotel with a slightly edgy, artistic personality, NU Hotel takes convenience to an altogether different level. You will want for nothing here.

 

               Spirit and moxie are the watchwords among the staff and management. It's all for one and one for all with you as the centerpiece of their efforts.

               Everyone involved, from the gentleman who greets you at the entrance to the bellhops who ferry your bags to your room, draws a wealth of inspiration from Brooklyn's dynamic work ethic and industrial past.

 

              At NU Hotel they dare to be original and even a little eccentric. But every distinctive touch and flourish is done with both your comfort and pleasure in mind.

              Many of the suites have a hammock in the living area, perfect for getting some rest while reading a book, going through your emails or even catching a brief afternoon nap.

 

              The hotel's contemporary aesthetic and sexy, minimalist design features bright pops of color, in unexpected places, from the local artists who make up NU Hotel's perspectives project.

 

               Several talented Brooklyn-based artists have been given a blank canvas and creative license to liven up the largest guest rooms with stunning wall murals. You literally will not believe what you see!

 

               Let's be serious; where else but NU hotel can you stay in a room that has a larger than life mural of Ziggy Stardust himself, David Bowie, adorning the wall beside your bed? Entitled Heroes, this exclamation point work is by artists John Fisk, a true Bowie fan if there ever was one.

              Another room features an entire wall that is taken up with a colorful and peaceful scene that depicts the Coney Island boardwalk together with an assortment of fish and turtles swimming in the ocean.

               Created by Kristen Haskell, this mural celebrates nature and Brooklyn's greatest resource, the beach.

 

               But, when all is said and done, it doesn't matter how beautiful or interesting the room is if you're not comfortable. The bedding is first-rate as are the easy chairs and sofas that can be found in the well-appointed suites. Some living room nooks have an actual coffee table.

               Needless to say, each guest room is geared for you techies out there with plenty of gadgets and places to charge those phones and iPads.

 

              Special offers tend to change on a seasonal basis. however, there are no worries when it comes to getting a sweet deal at the NU Hotel.

               In fact, if you take advantage of the appropriately named Suite deal, you'll receive an

upgrade to either their over-sized suites or a Standard King guest room. You will also enjoy two complimentary cocktails at NU Bar and Lounge as well as free Wi-Fi and continental breakfast.

 

               Want to see the city from a unique perspective? Then ask about NU's Brooklyn Water Taxi package.

               NU Hotel has teamed up with New York City Water Taxi to bring you this unforgettable experience.  The package includes two tickets valued at $62 as well as a complimentary breakfast during your stay.

 

                Select one of three NYC Water taxi tours and get ready to be wowed as you tour the city by water, taking in sights like Lady Liberty, the Manhattan skyline and Governor's Island.

 

               Nothing says Summer ( or Spring or fall, for that matter), like spending some quality time on the boardwalk at Brooklyn's world-famous Coney Island. 

                This special package is geared towards couples and families who want to experience Brooklyn like a local.

 

                The package includes a Coney Pass, overnight accommodations at the NU Hotel, a bucket of Coney Island brand beer at the hotel's fabulous Misdemeanor bar and Lounge and breakfast.

                Guarantying you a truly memorable time, the Coney Pass includes All Day access to Luna Park, the Cyclone Roller Coaster ride, Nathan's combo meal and entrance to the New York Aquarium.

                 When you return to the hotel, after your full day of fun activities, there's no need to spend time and energy looking for a place to eat and drink.

 

                Located in the lobby of the hotel, Misdemeanor Bar and Lounge gives guests a wonderful dining and nightlife option just steps from their room. 

 

                The light bites, spirits and craft cocktail menus focus on products from Brooklyn-based purveyors and breweries. Tourists and business travelers, who are also foodies, love to explore the local products of the cities that they visit.  They can certainly do that here.

 

               The menu contains a choice of beef, pork, pepperoni, buffalo chicken or gyro "dogs" from the artisan Brooklyn Hot Dog Company.

               McClure's have become celebrated all over the Tri-State area for their crunchy pickles. Did you know that McClure's has now added potato chips to their product line-up? Order up a plate of pickles and chips at Misdemeanor!

 

               Other delights that will tempt your taste buds include pimento cheese spread with pretzels from Stinky Brooklyn, delectable crab cake sliders and Blue cheese, bacon and Aioli-topped beef sliders with meat direct from Paisanos.

               For dessert, indulge in a 2 scoop bowl of gelato from Dolce of Brooklyn. They've got all of your favorite flavors.

 

               Celebrate your stay in Brooklyn during their happy hour, which takes place Tuesday through Saturday from 5 until 6:30 PM.

                Four dollar beers, house wine for $6 and seven buck cocktails are all on offer.

 

               For the libation-minded, there's craft beer from Brooklyn Brewery and a list of eight wonderful cocktails.

               The James Bondsman is made with van brunt bourbon, sweet and dry vermouth and Brooklyn's own Hella orange bitters.

               The ingredients of The Mafiosa, Brooklyn Republic Vodka, Limoncello and Basil, are simple yet highly effective. This is a cocktail that you will want to order every time you come here.

 

                Conveniently located, NU Hotel offers access to four of the Borough's most charming and intriguing neighborhoods; Boerum Hill, Cobble Hill, Park Slope and Prospect Heights.

 

                There is plenty of high-end retail shopping and dining in the immediate area and the Barclays Center is not too far away, should you want to include a Brooklyn Nets basketball game or a concert on your vacation itinerary.

 

Location and Contact Information

 

85 Smith Street

Brooklyn, New York  11201

(718)  852-8585

www.nuhotelbrooklyn.com

 

 

The Tillary Hotel  - Dumbo, Downtown Brooklyn

 

                  Having opened its' doors in 2016, The Tillary is one of the newest boutique hotels in the borough of Brooklyn. It also happens to be one of the most on-trend, with captivating, contemporary decor as well as a well-curated list of amped-up amenities.

 

                  Only a couple of short subway stops from Lower Manhattan, The Tillary is also just a fifteen or twenty minute Uber, Lyft or Taxi ride to Mid-Town. When convenience is a factor, The Tillary has all the options that you are searching for. 

                  So, why pay Manhattan hotel prices, when you can get the best of everything right here in Brooklyn?

 

                  Brooklyn is all about being who you are and rocking what makes a person unique. That vibe is prevalent throughout The Tillary's lobby, meeting spaces and 174 guest rooms and suites.

                  Designed by Brooklyn-based Cloth Interiors, the hotel combines a chic industrial aesthetic with mid-century modern touches and art-deco cues.

 

                   Design elements such as end-grain wood tile flooring and polished concrete with a jewel-toned plush are not your typical everyday hotel "look". But, it all comes together for a pleasing visual experience.

 

                  As we talked about earlier in the article, The Tillary's vast array of amenities are so much more than merely the essentials that guests have come to expect when traveling to a city like New York.

 

                 From express dry cleaning, dedicated parking, bag storage, limo service on request, a professional business center, a 24/7 front desk to 3,700 square feet of meeting space, which includes a gorgeous ballroom, The Tillary has got you covered and then some.

 

                But, the perks don't stop there. Every guest room and suite contains soundproof windows, an interactive smart TV, a work desk with USB port, Frette linens and premium bath products courtesy of C.O. Bigelow.

 

               The Classic Twin Room is well-suited for co-workers who are in town for a meeting at their corporate office or a convention. This spacious room features two very comfortable twin beds.

               At 329 square feet, the Tillary Patio Suite is an enticing blend of luxury and delightful views that will transform even the most mundane day into something special.

 

               A private terrace awaits you, just outside your room's sliding glass door. This is a luxury that is not always available even to the wealthy, here in the Big Apple. Many of the newest, state of the art condos and rental units do not have terrace space. But, at The Tillary, it's yours for the asking.

 

              The Executive Suite is your own personal pied-a-terre in Brooklyn. Despite its' name, this 450 square foot suite is perfect for families, not just business travelers or high rollers.

 

             There 's a cute little entry foyer, a separate living room area with a sleeper sofa, a bedroom that features a huge King bed and a spacious bathroom that has not one, but two sinks. If you're traveling with kids, that is a priceless amenity.

 

             Whether you are in Brooklyn for business or pleasure, saving a nice bit of change is always on the mind of most of us.

             The Tillary's Autumn in Brooklyn deal allows you to save big-time with up to 15% off their best available rate when you stay three nights or more.

             The Sunday in Brooklyn offer gives you a sensational 20% discount when you arrive on a Sunday and stay, at least, two nights.

 

              Today's savvy traveler expects the hotel that they're staying at to have, at the minimum, one respectable food and drink option. The Tillary has two very inviting places on the premises, where you can refuel and have a good time.

 

             A hip, contemporary coffee shop, designed for today's traveler, The Cafe is open for breakfast and lunch from 7 in the morning until 3 PM.

 

             Serving locally roasted coffee, espresso and cappuccino, The Cafe has a delicious menu of small plates, soups, sandwiches and classic breakfast dishes. Even though there are many other options around the hotel, guests love both the atmosphere and quality of the food here.

 

            An after-work destination that is catching on with the residential community in Dumbo, The Secret Side is a "dive-bar" with flair and aplomb.

 

             Located on the hotel's second floor, this dazzling bar and lounge is a place that's tailor-made to socialize and connect with free popcorn, fantastic cocktails, a list of premium wines and spirits as well as a variety of board games.

 

            You will have a really nice time unwinding here, after attending that boring, all-day corporate conference or contract negotiation.

            The bar has an adjoining patio with cozy tables, communal benches, (so all your friends from work can sit together comfortably in one place) and multi-colored lights that are strung between the shrubbery and small trees that decorate and give life to space.

 

            The Tillary has that lively, happening vibe that sets the really great boutique hotels apart from those that are just average. 

 

Location and Contact Information

 

85 Flatbush Avenue

New York NY 11201

(718) 329-9537

www.thetillaryhotel.com

 

 

The Brooklyn  -  Bed-Stuy

 

             A boutique hotel that is at the center of the amazing renaissance that is taking place in the Bed-Stuy and Crown Heights neighborhoods, The Brooklyn is mere minutes away from local must-see attractions like The Barclay's Center, Prospect Park, The Brooklyn Botanic gardens and the Brooklyn Academy of Music.

             You are also within walking distance of nearby transportation hubs like the Atlantic Avenue Terminal and Long Island Railroad.

 

             The outside facade is all old-school, vintage Brooklyn. There's nothing at all wrong with the design, but, it could be considered a tad plain for some.

 

              However, first impressions simply will not prepare you for the splashes of color, ultra-chic design and exquisite furnishings that make up the imposing lobby and trend-setting rooms.

              To say nothing of the sincere, friendly service that one could say is absolute, positively charming. When you come and go here at The Brooklyn, the front desk staff actually remember your face and greet you heartily by name. 

 

              When you enter the lobby, the first sight that greets you is a large wall photograph of a turn of the century Brooklyn brownstone street scene.

              This nostalgic trip back in time is offset by trendy purple chairs and other furnishings that are totally modern, without being over the top. Everything complements each other. Nothing jars the senses or appears to be out of place.

 

              The resplendent rooms blend brick-work with wood touches and offbeat but interesting lighting fixtures. They didn't go to Ikea to furnish the guest rooms, that's for sure. Each article of furniture or decor accent has a reason for being there. 

               A majority of the rooms also have larger than life wall murals or photos of iconic Brooklyn monuments, parks and bridges. Relax on your California King Simmons Euro-top bed, get comfy and take it all in.

 

              Now, we all know that, even in the best hotels, the corridors that you traverse when walking to your room can be rather drab, to put it mildly. We're talking zero personality.

 

              At The Brooklyn, though, your stroll from the elevator to your room will be on some very colorful carpeting. The patterns on the floor really brighten up what could, otherwise, be just another hallway.

 

             Personal touches await you in your room or suite, like complimentary bottled water and a Nespresso machine.

             Select suites have a Modern Flames electric fireplace and an in-room wine refrigerator that's fully stocked. The spa-like bathrooms all have multiple LED-illuminated rainfall showerheads and high-tech body sprays.

 

             The fact that the hotel has only 34 rooms and suites is a major selling point for those people who are discerning travelers.  One doesn't feel overwhelmed or lost in the shuffle as may happen at much larger hotels, even those of a more stylized boutique nature.

 

             This is one reason, among many, as to why The Brooklyn is a favorite among families who are planning a destination wedding or need lodging for a family reunion.

 

             The superb decor, inspiring guest rooms and outstanding service will come as no surprise, though, when you discover that The Brooklyn's management consulted with none other than celebrated hotelier and hospitality guru, Anthony Melchiorri.

 

              An enterprising man who never stayed in a hotel that he couldn't fix, Anthony Melchiorri is known to one and all as the gregarious and always on-point host of the Travel Channel's hit show Hotel Impossible.

 

              A former general manager of The Plaza Hotel and the creative mind who re-invented Manhattan's iconic Algonquin Hotel, Anthony brought in his company Argeo Hospitality, to help the owners of The Brooklyn give their guests a unique, first-class experience.

              Whenever Anthony is involved, there's no end to the carefully thought-out amenities and unexpected but highly desirable surprises that are in store for you during your stay.

 

              The Brooklyn is a shining example of what dedicated hoteliers, who actually care about their guests, can accomplish.

 

              Thanks to the efforts of Anthony and a staff that takes pride in their work, The Brooklyn is now firmly situated on the map of boutique hotels, not just in Brooklyn, but in ALL of NYC!

 

Location and Contact Information

 

1199 Atlantic Avenue

New York, NY 11216

(718) 789-1500

www.thebrooklynny.com

 

 

1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge  -  Brooklyn Heights

 

                 A welcoming retreat that's located on the scenic Brooklyn waterfront, 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge has everything you need to make your stay more than just memorable.

 

                With an in-house spa, a sexy bar and lounge, a restaurant that is a foodie's delight as well as rooms that offer unparalleled views of Lady Liberty, the East River and Brooklyn Bridge Park, 1 Hotel will take pride of place on your Facebook and Instagram pages.

               You will want to share almost every minute of your stay here with friends, co-workers and family. It's that spectacular.

 

              Let's start with space where you will probably spend the majority of your time, your guest room or suite.

 

             Many of the furnishings and decorative accents that you will enjoy in your room have been made by local Brooklyn artisans.

            There's always something chic and interesting around that will capture your eye, from the pendant leather lamp shades, "crate"-inspired,open-slatted wood closets and porous, stone-look composite wood tables to the Fresnel glass light fixtures.

 

             Thoughtful touches bring nature into your space with planters that are filled with small shrubs and flowers. Floor to ceiling windows allows for all the natural sunlight and good vibes that you could ask for!

 

             You'll rest easy on a custom-made organic cotton mattress and 100% organic cotton sheets. The beds at 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge are so easy on the body and comfy, you'll wish that you could bring one home.

              The comfort theme continues with complimentary soft cotton robes and cozy socks for every guest. Yoga mats are available upon request, as are loaner bikes. Pedal around town and be good to the environment.

 

              "What goes on your body is just as important as what you put inside".

 

               Those words sum up the philosophy of Carole Bamford, organic pioneer and founder of Bamford Haybarn Spa at 1 Hotel.

 

                A  champion of organic farming and all-natural beauty products, Carole has created a restful retreat where you can recuperate from your busy NYC day. Indulge in expert massage treatments and a variety of soothing holistic services, that are designed to restore natural nourishment to the body.

 

                 Give your mind, body and spirit the rejuvenating vacation it deserves by booking a treatment at the Bamford Haybarn Spa. It will give you something to look forward to, after a stressful day of business meetings and running around town.

 

                 The Bamford Haybarn Spa is open seven days; from 10 AM to 8 PM Monday through Friday, nine in the morning until nine at night on Saturday and Sunday, from 9 until 8 PM.

 

                Neighbors is a quintessential Brooklyn cafe that is conveniently located in the lobby of 1 Hotel.

                A convivial gathering spot, Neighbors has an intriguing culinary concept; one that allows you to bring a little bit of Brooklyn home with you.  Most of the products that you will enjoy when dining here are curated or made by local purveyors and artisans.

 

               These products and brands, which range from Variety Coffee Roasters, Bocce's Bakery, Bushwick Tea, BQ Farms, and Watermelon Road to Legally Addictive, are all on sale for you to use and relish whenever you like.  

 

               The fast-casual menu is geared mainly towards savory sandwiches, delectable, refreshing salads like Mushroom and  Couscous and bagels from Brooklyn Breads. Bagel spreads include salmon cream cheese and avocado smash.

               As far as sammies go, try the Brie Cheese and Apple with apple brandy jam or the Ham and Gruyere on a Baguette.

 

              A slightly more upscale evening dining and brunch experience are available at The Osprey, another inviting culinary choice at 1 Hotel.

 

              Designed with hand-stamped tables and bespoke furnishings, the Osprey is spacious and airy, with wide windows that look out onto the Brooklyn Bridge and surrounding greenery.

 

              Market-driven, the menus here change with the seasons, so you are always assured of fresh ingredients and variety.

 

              Small plate selections include a filling cauliflower steak, dressed in Turmeric, mint and grapes; Whitefish pate' with poppy seed toast and savory duck croquettes.

              There is also quite a selection of larger, entree-sized plates like a fork-tender Berkshire pork chop, Risotto, rotisserie chicken with Sherry Jus and roasted veggies along with  Atlantic Cod that is accompanied by herb roasted potatoes and wild mushrooms.

 

              1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge makes great use of their superb location by the water. Whoever scouted the placement of the hotel chose wisely. Few neighborhoods anywhere in the Borough, possess this much visual appeal.

 

Location and Contact Information

 

60 Furman Street

Brooklyn, New York  11201

(347) 696- 2500

www.1hotels.com/brooklyn-bridge

 

              

 

             

 

               

     

               

                

 

                

                

              

 

             

              

              

 

 

 

              

 

              

 

              

 

              

 

             

 

            

              

 

 

            

 

              

 

              